{
    "issues": [
        {
            "id": 738,
            "title": "update simplenet and lsm models to use ROSS memory interface",
            "author_id": 29,
            "project_id": 68,
            "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.676Z",
            "updated_at": "2018-07-20T17:14:57.008Z",
            "description": "The ross memory interface can be used to allocate additional event memory on demand to accommodate the higher level message structure that we are tunnelling through lower level components.\n\n",
            "state": "closed",
            "iid": 16,
            "updated_by_id": null,
            "confidential": false,
            "moved_to_id": null,
            "due_date": null,
            "lock_version": null,
            "time_estimate": 0,
            "relative_position": 1073771323,
            "last_edited_at": null,
            "last_edited_by_id": null,
            "discussion_locked": null,
            "closed_at": null,
            "closed_by_id": null,
            "events": [],
            "timelogs": [],
            "notes": [
                {
                    "id": 1518,
                    "note": "Status changed to closed",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.891Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.891Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 738,
                    "system": true,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "3387e57280e96eacf0b95d92b5d5c1b381787857",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                },
                {
                    "id": 1520,
                    "note": "Results of testing are in memory-test.c.  Closing ticket- we are no longer planning to use the ROSS memory interface in the simplenet or lsm models.",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:37.284Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:37.284Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 738,
                    "system": false,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "3387e57280e96eacf0b95d92b5d5c1b381787857",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                },
                {
                    "id": 1519,
                    "note": "Will test out the memory API using the memory-test.c test harness first.",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:37.065Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:37.065Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 738,
                    "system": false,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "3387e57280e96eacf0b95d92b5d5c1b381787857",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                }
            ],
            "label_links": [
                {
                    "id": 1386,
                    "label_id": 33,
                    "target_id": 738,
                    "target_type": "Issue",
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.762Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.762Z",
                    "label": {
                        "id": 33,
                        "title": "enhancement",
                        "color": "#428BCA",
                        "project_id": 68,
                        "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:30.527Z",
                        "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:30.527Z",
                        "template": false,
                        "description": null,
                        "group_id": null,
                        "type": "ProjectLabel",
                        "priorities": []
                    }
                },
                {
                    "id": 1387,
                    "label_id": 32,
                    "target_id": 738,
                    "target_type": "Issue",
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.772Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:36.772Z",
                    "label": {
                        "id": 32,
                        "title": "CODES",
                        "color": "#428BCA",
                        "project_id": 68,
                        "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.842Z",
                        "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.842Z",
                        "template": false,
                        "description": null,
                        "group_id": null,
                        "type": "ProjectLabel",
                        "priorities": []
                    }
                }
            ],
            "resource_label_events": [],
            "issue_assignees": []
        },
        {
            "id": 858,
            "title": "Clean up autoconf cruft",
            "author_id": 29,
            "project_id": 68,
            "created_at": "2016-01-15T14:42:42.291Z",
            "updated_at": "2017-09-02T13:15:15.414Z",
            "description": "See #134.",
            "state": "opened",
            "iid": 135,
            "updated_by_id": null,
            "confidential": false,
            "moved_to_id": null,
            "due_date": null,
            "lock_version": null,
            "time_estimate": 0,
            "relative_position": 1073750823,
            "last_edited_at": null,
            "last_edited_by_id": null,
            "discussion_locked": null,
            "closed_at": null,
            "closed_by_id": null,
            "events": [],
            "timelogs": [],
            "notes": [
                {
                    "id": 1754,
                    "note": "mentioned in issue #134",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-22T22:23:52.735Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-22T22:23:52.735Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 858,
                    "system": true,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "8848dec4dac42c11a7f4d58e7e06b146566434d4",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                }
            ],
            "label_links": [],
            "resource_label_events": [],
            "issue_assignees": []
        },
        {
            "id": 1056,
            "title": "CODES release 0.6.0 not running on BG/Q",
            "author_id": 75,
            "project_id": 68,
            "created_at": "2017-07-04T18:18:41.405Z",
            "updated_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.910Z",
            "description": "The build currently fails on Cetus and RPI BG/Q systems.",
            "state": "closed",
            "iid": 158,
            "updated_by_id": null,
            "confidential": false,
            "moved_to_id": null,
            "due_date": null,
            "lock_version": null,
            "time_estimate": 0,
            "relative_position": 1073742823,
            "last_edited_at": null,
            "last_edited_by_id": null,
            "discussion_locked": null,
            "closed_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.878Z",
            "closed_by_id": 564,
            "events": [
                {
                    "id": 84448,
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "author_id": 564,
                    "target_id": 1056,
                    "created_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.921Z",
                    "updated_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.921Z",
                    "target_type": "Issue",
                    "action": 3
                }
            ],
            "timelogs": [],
            "notes": [
                {
                    "id": 33561,
                    "note": "closed",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 564,
                    "created_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.938Z",
                    "updated_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.938Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 1056,
                    "system": true,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "0824b7b860440c79ea268f2947ac527d36857e5d",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Neil McGlohon"
                    },
                    "events": []
                },
                {
                    "id": 33560,
                    "note": "Latest version runs on BGQ if the C++11 std requirement from the configure.ac is commented out. This requirement was added for SWM integration - since BGQ doesn't support C++11, it seems like any sim that requires SWM won't work on BGQ for the time being.\n\nI'll assign an issue to myself to move that C++11 requirement to be conditional on the SWM specific --with-online arg.\n\nCross compilation might work, though...",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 564,
                    "created_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.686Z",
                    "updated_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.686Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 1056,
                    "system": false,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "b50250f7e030fd766f7d7288014aba3a1d0ef3a5",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Neil McGlohon"
                    },
                    "events": [
                        {
                            "id": 84447,
                            "project_id": 68,
                            "author_id": 564,
                            "target_id": 33560,
                            "created_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.828Z",
                            "updated_at": "2019-04-29T15:05:18.828Z",
                            "target_type": "Note",
                            "action": 6
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "label_links": [],
            "resource_label_events": [],
            "issue_assignees": []
        },
        {
            "id": 775,
            "title": "switch codes-base to use pkg-config to pick up ROSS options",
            "author_id": 29,
            "project_id": 68,
            "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.677Z",
            "updated_at": "2018-07-20T17:14:57.191Z",
            "description": "ROSS supports pkg-config now.  We should use that now instead of --with-ross configure options",
            "state": "closed",
            "iid": 53,
            "updated_by_id": null,
            "confidential": false,
            "moved_to_id": null,
            "due_date": null,
            "lock_version": null,
            "time_estimate": 0,
            "relative_position": 1073773323,
            "last_edited_at": null,
            "last_edited_by_id": null,
            "discussion_locked": null,
            "closed_at": null,
            "closed_by_id": null,
            "events": [],
            "timelogs": [],
            "notes": [
                {
                    "id": 1595,
                    "note": "Done.",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:04.024Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:04.024Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 775,
                    "system": false,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "8edcecf62d7820108f6efb7435c342a8bc2aac4c",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                },
                {
                    "id": 1594,
                    "note": "Status changed to closed",
                    "noteable_type": "Issue",
                    "author_id": 29,
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.870Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.870Z",
                    "project_id": 68,
                    "attachment": {
                        "url": null
                    },
                    "line_code": null,
                    "commit_id": null,
                    "noteable_id": 775,
                    "system": true,
                    "st_diff": null,
                    "updated_by_id": null,
                    "position": null,
                    "original_position": null,
                    "resolved_at": null,
                    "resolved_by_id": null,
                    "discussion_id": "8edcecf62d7820108f6efb7435c342a8bc2aac4c",
                    "change_position": null,
                    "resolved_by_push": null,
                    "author": {
                        "name": "Jonathan Jenkins"
                    },
                    "events": []
                }
            ],
            "label_links": [
                {
                    "id": 1460,
                    "label_id": 31,
                    "target_id": 775,
                    "target_type": "Issue",
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.754Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.754Z",
                    "label": {
                        "id": 31,
                        "title": "task",
                        "color": "#428BCA",
                        "project_id": 68,
                        "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.819Z",
                        "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.819Z",
                        "template": false,
                        "description": null,
                        "group_id": null,
                        "type": "ProjectLabel",
                        "priorities": []
                    }
                },
                {
                    "id": 1461,
                    "label_id": 32,
                    "target_id": 775,
                    "target_type": "Issue",
                    "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.761Z",
                    "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:57:03.761Z",
                    "label": {
                        "id": 32,
                        "title": "CODES",
                        "color": "#428BCA",
                        "project_id": 68,
                        "created_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.842Z",
                        "updated_at": "2016-01-14T20:56:24.842Z",
                        "template": false,
                        "description": null,
                        "group_id": null,
                        "type": "ProjectLabel",
                        "priorities": []
                    }
                }
            ],
            "resource_label_events": [],
            "issue_assignees": []
        }
    ]
}